   @document.meta 
   This section contains metadata or properties for the page:
   - Author: Your Name
   - Date: YYYY-MM-DD
   - Tags: template, norg, example
   @end 

* Page Title
  This is a description of the page. You can customize this section to introduce the content of your page.

** Overview
   Here is a brief overview of what this page contains:
   - Introduction to the topic
   - Detailed sections with content
   - Tasks and goals
   - Closing notes
   - [link]{https://github.com/BrunoCiccarino/norgkyll}!
** Introduction
   This section introduces the main topic of the page. Feel free to expand on the purpose and goals.

** Tasks
   These are some tasks related to the topic. Mark them as done, pending, or canceled as needed:
   - ( ) Research the topic
   - (!) Draft the content
   - (+) Review and revise the page
   - (_) Publish the page

** Content
   Here is the main content of the page. You can use different levels of headings and formatting to organize your ideas.

** Code block
   @code lua  
      if i == 3 then
         print("I == 3")
      else 
         print("I != 3")
      end 

      for i = 10, 19, 1 do
         print(i)
   @end 

** Table

   @table
      | Head a | Head b | Head c |
      | -      | -      | -      |
      | Cell 1 | Cell 2 | Cell 3 |
      | Cell 4 | Cell 5 | Cell 6 |
   @end

*** Subsection 1: Key Points
    - This subsection highlights key points.
    - Use bullet points or paragraphs to explain ideas.

*** Subsection 2: Additional Information
    This is where you can elaborate on additional details, examples, or explanations.

** Notes
   - Add any extra notes or reminders here.
   - You can include links, references, or other resources.

** Conclusion
   Wrap up the page with a summary or closing remarks. Encourage readers to take action, reflect, or explore further.

